According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly.
The bee, of course, flies anyway because bees don't care what humans think is impossible.
Students, faculty, distinguished bees,
We know that you, as a bee, have worked your whole life to get to the point where you can work for your whole life.
At Honex, we constantly strive to improve every aspect of bee existence.
These bees are stress-testing a new helmet technology.
Of course. Most bee jobs are small ones.
But bees know that every small job, if it's done well, means a lot.
You'll be happy to know that bees, as a species, haven't had one day off in 27 million years.
Why would you question anything? We're bees.
Are you bee enough?
Pollen counting, stunt bee, pouring, stirrer, front desk, hair removal...
A bee died. Makes an opening. See? He's dead. Another dead one.
Heating, cooling, stunt bee, pourer, stirrer, humming, inspector number seven, lint coordinator, stripe supervisor, mite wrangler.
You got a rain advisory today, and as you all know, bees cannot fly in rain.
Also, I got a couple of reports of root beer being poured on us.
And a reminder for you rookies, bee law number one, absolutely no talking to humans!
My sweet lord of bees!
There's a bee in the car!
Hi, bee.
I could really get in trouble. It's a bee law. You're not supposed to talk to a human.
This is a bit of a surprise to me. I mean, you're a bee!
That was a little weird. I'm talking with a bee.
I'm talking to a bee. And the bee is talking to me!
Is that a bee joke?
Anyway, this has been great.
No, no. That's a bee law. You wouldn't break a bee law.
You have got to start thinking bee, my friend. Thinking bee!
Thinking bee.
Thinking bee.
Thinking bee! Thinking bee! Thinking bee! Thinking bee!
I gotta start thinking bee?
It's been three days! Why aren't you working?
You have no job. You're barely a bee!
Dumb bees!
The last thing we want to do is upset bees!
Jump on! It's your only chance, bee!
Whassup, bee boy?
Mooseblood's about to leave the building! So long, bee!
A bee's got a brain the size of a pinhead.
He's been talking to humans.
The bees!
I want to do it for all our lives. Nobody works harder than bees!
Even if it's true, what can one bee do?
No more bee beards!
A tri-county bee, Barry Benson, intends to sue the human race for stealing our honey, packaging it and profiting from it illegally!
Bees have never been afraid to change the world.
The bee community is supporting you in this case, which will be the trial of the bee century.
Is that that same bee?
Hello, bee.
You poor thing. You two have been at this for hours!
Yes, and Adam here has been a huge help.
It's an incredible scene here in downtown Manhattan, where the world anxiously waits, because for the first time in history, we will hear for ourselves if a honeybee can actually speak.
Well, if it isn't the bee team.
Mr. Benson... you're representing all the bees of the world?
Talking bee!
Ladies and gentlemen, there's no trickery here. I'm just an ordinary bee. Honey's pretty important to me. It's important to all bees. We invented it! We make it. And we protect it with our lives.
Yes, they provide beekeepers for our farms.
I don't imagine you employ any bee-free-ers, do you?
No. Because you don't free bees. You keep bees. Not only that, it seems you thought a bear would be an appropriate image for a jar of honey.
Bears kill bees!
But you've never been a police officer, have you?
No, you haven't. And so here we have yet another example of bee culture casually stolen by a human for nothing more than a prance-about stage name.
Have you ever been stung, Mr. Sting? Because I'm feeling a little stung, Sting. Or should I say... Mr. Gordon M. Sumner!
Not yet it isn't. But is this what it's come to for you? Exploiting tiny, helpless bees so you don't have to rehearse your part and learn your lines, sir?
We need to talk! He's just a little bee!
And he happens to be the nicest bee I've met in a long time!
Fine! Talking bees, no yogurt night...
Don't worry. The only thing I have to do to turn this jury around is to remind them of what they don't like about bees.
I've seen a bee documentary or two. From what I understand, doesn't your queen give birth to all the bee children?
You're an illegitimate bee, aren't you, Benson?
He's denouncing bees!
The venom! The venom is coursing through my veins! I have been felled by a winged beast of destruction! You see? You can't treat them like equals! They're striped savages! Stinging's the only thing they know! It's their way!
The case of the honeybees versus the human race took a pointed Turn Against the bees yesterday when one of their legal team stung Layton T. Montgomery.
But some bees are smoking.
It's a bee smoker!
What, this? This harmless little contraption? This couldn't hurt a fly, let alone a bee.
Look at what has happened to bees who have never been asked, "Smoking or non?" Is this what nature intended for us? To be forcibly addicted to smoke machines and man-made wooden slat work camps?
Ladies and gentlemen, please, free these bees!
Free the bees! Free the bees! Free the bees! Free the bees! Free the bees!
The court finds in favor of the bees!
All the honey will finally belong to the bees.
We've been living the bee way a long time, 27 million years.
First, we'll demand a complete shutdown of all bee work camps.
And we will no longer tolerate bee-negative nicknames...
You know, I'm gonna guess bees.
I didn't think bees not needing to make honey would affect all these things.
It's not just flowers. Fruits, vegetables, they all need bees.
Flowers, bees, pollen!
I know every bee, plant and flower bud in this park.
Has it been in your possession the entire time?
Is that another bee joke?
Vanessa, this is nothing more than a big metal bee.
Just a minute. There's a bee on that plane.
Technically, a bee shouldn't be able to fly at all.
The way we work may be a mystery to you. Making honey takes a lot of bees doing a lot of small jobs.
That's why I want to get bees back to working together. That's the bee way! We're not made of Jell-O.
Beep-beep! Beep-beep!
That may have been helping me.
Come on. You got to think bee, Barry.
Thinking bee.
Thinking bee.
Thinking bee!
Thinking bee! Thinking bee!
Thinking bee!
Thinking bee! Thinking bee!
Thinking bee!
Thinking bee! Thinking bee!
Cut the engines. We're going in on bee power. Ready, boys?
I mean the giant pulsating flower made of millions of bees!
Are we going to be bees, or just Museum of Natural History keychains?
We're bees!
Mom! The bees are back!
It is bee-approved. Don't forget these.
That bee is living my life!
You have got to start thinking bee, my friend.
Thinking bee!
